 
EXT.   GARDEN  -  DAY
 Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, are proud to say that they are perfectly normal, thank you very much. They are the last people you 'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just don't hold with such nonsense. Mr. Dursley is the director of a firm calls Grunnings, which makes drills. He is a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he does have a very large mustache.
Mrs. Dursley is thin and blonde and has nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which comes in very useful as she spends so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys has a small son calls Dudley and in their opinion there is no finer boy anywhere. The Dursleys has everything they wants, but they also has a secret, and their greatest fear is that somebody would discover it. They don't think they could bear it if anyone find out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter is Mrs. Dursley 's sister, but they hasn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretends she doesn't have a sister, because her sister and her good- for- nothing husband are as unDursleyish as it is possible to be.

EXT.   STREET  -  DAY
The Dursleys shudders to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrives in the street. The Dursleys knows that the Potters has a small son, too, but they has never even sees him. This boy is another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they doesn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that. When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley wakes up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there is nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country.

EXT.   AWAY  -  DAY
Mr. Dursley hums as he picks out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossipes away happily as she wrestles a screaming Dudley into his high chair. None of them notices a large, tawny owl flutter past the window. At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picks up his briefcase, pecks Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tries to kiss Dudley good- bye but misses, because Dudley is now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.
DURSLEY

Little tyke ,

EXT.   HOUSE  -  DAY
chortles Mr. Dursley as he leaves the house. He gets into his car and backs out of number four 's drive.

EXT.   STREET  -  DAY
It is on the corner of the street that he notices the first sign of something peculiar— a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley doesn't realize what he has seen— then he jerks his head around to look again. There is a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there isn't a map in sight. What could he have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of the light. Mr. Dursley blinks and stares at the cat. It stares back.

EXT.   ROAD  -  MORNING
As Mr. Dursley drives around the corner and up the road, he watches the cat in his mirror. It is now reading the sign that says Privet Drive— no, looking at the sign; cats couldn't read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gives himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drives toward town he thinks of nothing except a large order of drills he is hoping to get that day. But on the edge of town, drills are driven out of his mind by something else. As he sits in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help noticing that there seems to be a lot of strangely dresses people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dresses in funny clothes— the getups you sees on young people! He supposes this is some stupid new fashion. He drums his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes falls on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. They are whispering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley is enraged to see that a couple of them aren't young at all; why, that man has to be older than he is, and wearing an emerald- green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it strikes Mr. Dursley that this is probably some silly stunt— these people are obviously collecting for something... yes, that would be it.

EXT.   ROAD  -  LATER
The traffic moves on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrives in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.

INT.   FLOOR , OFFICE  -  MORNING
Mr. Dursley always sits with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If he hasn't, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning.

EXT.   STREET  -  DAY
He doesn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad daylight, though people down in the street does; they points and gaze open- mouthed as owl after owl speeds overhead.

EXT.   STREET  -  NIGHT
Most of them have never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, has a perfectly normal, owl- free morning. He yells at five different people. He makes several important telephone calls and shouts a bit more.

EXT.   ROAD  -  DAY
He is in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thinks he 'd stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery. He 'ds forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passes a group of them next to the baker 's. He eyes them angrily as he passes. He doesn't know why, but they makes him uneasy. This bunch are whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin. It is on his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he catches a few words of what they are saying.
PEOPLE

The Potters , that 's right , that 's what I heard yes , PP95 their son , Harry
 Mr. Dursley stops dead. Fear floods him. He looks back at the whisperers as if he wants to say something to them, but thinks better of it.

EXT. / INT.   ROAD , HOME  -  AFTERNOON
He dashes back across the road, hurries up to his office, snaps at his secretary not to disturb him, seizes his telephone, and has almost finishes dialing his home number when he changes his mind. He puts the receiver back down and strokes his mustache, thinking... no, he is being stupid. Potter isn't such an unusual name. He is sure there are lots of people calls Potter who has a son calls Harry. Come to think of it, he isn't even sure his nephew is called Harry. He 'd never even sees the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There is no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always gets so upset at any mention of her sister. He doesn't blame her— if he 'ds had a sister like that... but all the same, those people in cloaks... He finds it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he leaves the building at five o'clock, he is still so worried that he walks straight into someone just outside the door.
MAN

Sorry
 he grunts, as the tiny old man stumbles and almost falls. It is a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realizes that the man is wearing a violet cloak. He doesn't seem at all upset at being almost knocks to the ground. On the contrary, his face splits into a wide smile and he says in a squeaky voice that makes passersby stare,
MAN

Do n't be sorry , my dear sir , for nothing could upset me today ! Rejoice , for You-Know-Who has gone at last ! Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating , this happy , happy day !
 And the old man hugs Mr. Dursley around the middle and walks off. Mr. Dursley stands roots to the spot. He has been hugged by a complete stranger. He also thinks he has been called a Muggle, whatever that is. He is rattled.

EXT.   HOME  -  MORNING
He hurries to his car and sets off for home, hoping he is imagining things, which he has never hoped before, because he doesn't approve of imagination. As he pulls into the driveway of number four, the first thing he sees— and it doesn't improve his mood— is the tabby cat he 'ds spotted that morning.
EXT.   GARDEN  -  DAY
It is now sitting on his garden wall. He is sure it is the same one; it has the same markings around its eyes.
DURSLEY

Shoo !
 says Mr. Dursley loudly. The cat doesn't move. It just gives him a stern look. is this normal cat behavior? Mr. Dursley wonders.
EXT.   GARDEN  -  DAY
Professor McGonagall whispers, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm ace Dumbledore steps over the low garden wall and walks to the front door. I have laid Harry gently on the doorstep, take to letter out of his cloak, tuck Item inside Harry 's blankets, and then come back to the other two. For to full minute the three of them stand and look at the little bundle; Hagrid 's shoulders shake, Professor McGonagall blink furiously, and the twinkling Light that usually shine desde Dumbledore 's eyes seem to have gone out.
DUMBLEDORE

Well ,

DUMBLEDORE
(finally says)
that 's that.  We 've do not business staying here . PP412 We may ace well go and join the celebrations .
HAGRID

Yeah ,

HAGRID
(says look and muffled voice)
I 'll be takin ' Sirius  his bike back . G'night , Professor McGonagall - Professor Dumbledore , sir .
EXT.   GARDEN  -  NIGHT
Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swings himself onto the motorcycle and kicks the engine into life; with to roar Item rises into the air and off into the night.
DUMBLEDORE

I shall see  you soon , I expect , Professor McGonagall ,
 says Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blows her I dont know in reply.

EXT.   STREET  -  DAY
Dumbledore turns and walks back down the street. On the corner I have stopped and take out the silver Put- Outer.
I have clicked Item eleven, and twelve balls of Light lawn back to their street lamps SW that Privet Drive glow suddenly orange and I have could make out to tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. I have could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.


Good luck , Harry ,
 I have murmured. I have turned on his heel and with to swish of his cloak, I have was gone. TO breeze ruffles the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the look and last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolls over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closes on the letter beside him and I have slept on, not knowing I have is special, not knowing I have was famous, not knowing I have would be woken in to few hours ' time by Mrs. Dursley 's scream ace she open the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that I have would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinches by his cousin Dudley... I have could not know that at Este look and moment, people meeting in secret all over the country are holding company up their glasses and saying in hushed voices:
PEOPLE

To Harry Potter - the boy quien lived !
